meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived .
truly terrible .
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
a well-executed spy-thriller .
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
it's just a little too self-satisfied .
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
holden caulfield did it better .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '
. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
the movie gets muted and routine .
. . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
